## Migrate Jiras to github.com issues

1. From your Lyft github account generate a github token
1. Authorize the token to use 2-factor authentication
1. Export the token as an evironment variable named GITHUB_TOKEN
1. From the Jira UI, export the issues you want to migrate to a csv file.  Usually this is done by labeling the issues you want to export with a tag, then running a query for that tag
1. Check in that file here as jiras.csv, or edit the config file to point to the new file
1. Edit and save config.json to ensure that all users, epics, and priorities have cooresponding entries in their respecitve maps

## Setup the environment
1. Install node.js from https://nodejs.org
1. Install dependent modules
1. Install typescript
1. Install node.js types into typescript

After you have installed node.js:
```
npm install
sudo npm install -g typescript
npm install @types/node --save
```

## Run it:

```
node push-jiras-to-github
```

If all works the issues will be uploaded to github.  Descriptions, epics, priorities, and assignedTo are preserved. Comments and reportedBy are not preserved. The jira tickets are unaffected.  You can use the same query to perform a bulk edit and close them resolved as duplicates.  A nice feature would be to do so automatically via the Jira api and include a link to the spcific github issue.

The source file is push-jiras-to-github.ts. It's cooresponding .js file is generated by the typescript transiler. If you change the source you must remember to transpile it to the generated push-jiras-to-github.js, which is what is actually run.
